Add `refresh_rate` to RichProgressBar (#10497)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Raise `MisconfigurationException` when `enable_progress_bar=False` and a progress bar instance has been passed in the callback list ([#10520](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10520))

> - Changed `refresh_rate_per_second` param to `referesh_rate` for `RichProgressBar` signature ([#10497](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10497))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed `refresh_rate_per_second` parameter to `referesh_rate` for `RichProgressBar` signature ([#10497](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10497))
```

- Fixed `CombinedLoader` and `max_size_cycle` didn't receive a `DistributedSampler` ([#10374](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10374))

> - Changed `refresh_rate_per_second` param to `referesh_rate` for `RichProgressBar` signature ([#10497](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10497))

Reviewer: If this gets included as a fix I think we should mention the issue. For example:

```suggestion
- Fixed misleading argument name `refresh_rate_per_second` in `RichProgressBar` signature by renaming it to `referesh_rate` ([#10497](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10497))
```
or move it to the changed section is also an option

Author: Better option! Updated
